Add `osu!mania 4K World Cup 2025: Round of 32 Recap` news post (#13664)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-08-30-osumania-4k-world-cup-2025-round-of-32-recap.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu!mania 4K World Cup 2025: Round of 32 Recap"
date: 2025-08-30 17:00:00 +0000
---

Glory awaits! The osu!mania 4K World Cup bracket stages begin with a loud bang.

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-08-30-osumania-4k-world-cup-2025-round-of-32-recap/banner.jpg)

> This tournament couldn't have started stronger! We got a mix of upsets, close victories, and stellar performances from our top teams all jam-packed into the very, very first round of the tournament. Whether this is an omen of what's to come, that's on future rounds to decide.

Reviewer: last sentence reads a bit off, thoughts on this?

```suggestion
This tournament couldn't have started stronger! We got a mix of upsets, close victories, and stellar performances from our top teams all jam-packed into the very, very first round of the tournament. Whether this is an omen of what's to come is for future rounds to decide.
```

> On a different note, for those not yet aware, the [MWC 4K 2025 support banners](https://osu.ppy.sh/store/products/1513) have gone up for sale! Those who wish to offer some love to their favourite teams, you can now do so while proudly showing it on your osu! profile.

Reviewer: mismatched subject, would suggest
```suggestion
On a different note, for those not yet aware, the [MWC 4K 2025 support banners](https://osu.ppy.sh/store/products/1513) have gone up for sale! If you wish to offer some love to your favourite teams, you can now do so while proudly showing it on your osu! profile.
```

With the introductions out of the way, feel free to check out this week's video recap brought to you by the hands of [Dynascape](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8784587), [SunApple](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11817622), [Normiplier](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10069850), and [akace100](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9308128).

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ld7rUnL9uf8" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Mappool recap

[**Download the pool here! (104 MB)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/P295)

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2542835853&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

![Round of 32 mappool table](/wiki/shared/news/2025-08-30-osumania-4k-world-cup-2025-round-of-32-recap/mappool-ro32.jpg)

> With Qualifiers coming to a close, we're finally brought to our first round (of 32). Taking a different approach from the 7-stage structure from the Qualifiers, we've got our hands on the first full pool of the tournament with 6 rice slots, 3 hybrid slots, 3 long note slots, and one tiebreaker. With that said, here are some of the most notable highlights from the round!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Qualifiers coming to a close, we've finally reached our first round (of 32). Taking a different approach from the 7-stage structure from the Qualifiers, we've got our hands on the first full pool of the tournament with 6 rice slots, 3 hybrid slots, 3 long note slots, and one tiebreaker. With that said, here are some of the most notable highlights from the round!
```

> The best way to start things off is with [Taishi - Distant Relatives (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421252#mania/5267303) (HB3) by ::{ flag=DZ }:: [Scotty](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11085809) and ::{ flag=HK }:: [Alptraum](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/26496648)! With the removal of SV, Round of 32 started with 3 hybrid picks instead of two. And as it is to be expected, HB3 had the most difficult patterning out of all three. With the slot always having a technical focus, you can be sure to expect many dump heavy patterns, intertwining both rice and long note patterns in a rather seamless manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best way to start things off is with [Taishi - Distant Relatives (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421252#mania/5267303) (HB3) by ::{ flag=DZ }:: [Scotty](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11085809) and ::{ flag=HK }:: [Alptraum](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/26496648)! With the removal of SV, Round of 32 started with three hybrid picks instead of two. And as it is to be expected, HB3 had the most difficult patterning out of all three. With the slot always having a technical focus, you can be sure to expect many dump-heavy patterns, intertwining both rice and long note patterns in a rather seamless manner.
```

| Team A |  |  | Team B |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- |
| **Thailand** ::{ flag=TH }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=MX }:: Mexico |
| **Russian Federation** ::{ flag=RU }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=UA }:: Ukraine |
| **Spain** ::{ flag=ES }:: | 2 | **5** | ::{ flag=TW }:: Taiwan |
| **Malaysia** ::{ flag=MY }:: | **5** | 4 | ::{ flag=PL }:: Poland |
| **Canada** ::{ flag=CA }:: | **5** | 2 | ::{ flag=SG }:: Singapore |
| **Hong Kong** ::{ flag=HK }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=GT }:: Guatemala |
| **United States** ::{ flag=US }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=DK }:: Denmark |
| Brazil ::{ flag=BR }:: | 3 | **5** | ::{ flag=PE }:: **Peru** |
| **United Kingdom** ::{ flag=GB }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=VE }:: Venezuela |
| **Vietnam** ::{ flag=VN }:: | **5** | 1 | ::{ flag=NL }:: Netherlands |
| **South Korea** ::{ flag=KR }:: | **5** | 1 | ::{ flag=FI }:: Finland |
| **China** ::{ flag=CN }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=AU }:: Australia |
| **Philippines** ::{ flag=PH }:: | **5** | 3 | ::{ flag=FR }:: France |
| Japan ::{ flag=JP }:: | 1 | **5** | ::{ flag=AR }:: Argentina |
| Indonesia ::{ flag=ID }:: | 1 | **5** | ::{ flag=IT }:: Italy |
| **Chile** ::{ flag=CL }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=DE }:: Germany |

> As we briefly spoiled in the post's introduction, this has been anything but a normal beginning to the tournament. A mix of both unforeseen circumstances and some of the underdogs locking in have made this Round of 32 quite a peculiar one, all things considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we briefly spoiled in the post's introduction, this has been anything but a normal beginning to the tournament. A mix of both unforeseen circumstances and some of the underdogs locking in has made this Round of 32 quite a peculiar one, all things considered.
```

While our top teams have had no issues throughout the round, the closer we got to the middle seeds, the more interesting this week's matches have been!

We can only hope that the following few highlights are proof of it.

### ::{ flag=MY }:: Malaysia vs. ::{ flag=PL }:: Poland

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119054824)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2547597606?t=1h4m47s)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ld7rUnL9uf8?start=560&end=782" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

Placing 16th and 17th on the Qualifiers respectively, Malaysia vs. Poland was expected to be one of the closest matches during the past weekend — and it certainly did not disappoint! Despite the absence of ::{ flag=PL }:: [bagjettka](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18338179), the Polish gave Malaysia quite a run for their money.

> With Malaysia protecting LN2 ([Minato Aqua - Mada, Aoi (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421032#mania/5278676)), and Poland protecting RC5 ([ZUTOMAYO - Kan Saete Kuyashiiwa](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421245#mania/5267290)), both teams set the stage on what kind of charts they were leaning towards: Malaysia going for the long note and hybrid picks, while Poland going for the rices. This was further established after Malaysia banned RC1 ([sana & Nayugorou - Love Potion](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421240#mania/5267282)), and Poland banning LN3 ([*wakadori - NightTheater](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421059#mania/5266881)). From here, we can see that from a physicality standpoint, Poland had a slight upper hand. Malaysia, fully cognizant of that fact, played their cards closer to their chest by focusing on long note oriented picks thanks to their far more established LN skills. And this is what ultimately forced Poland to ban [NightTheater](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421059#mania/5266881).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Malaysia protecting LN2 ([Minato Aqua - Mada, Aoi (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421032#mania/5278676)), and Poland protecting RC5 ([ZUTOMAYO - Kan Saete Kuyashiiwa](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421245#mania/5267290)), both teams set the stage for what kind of charts they were leaning towards: Malaysia going for the long note and hybrid picks, while Poland going for the rices. This was further established after Malaysia banned RC1 ([sana & Nayugorou - Love Potion](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421240#mania/5267282)), and Poland banning LN3 ([*wakadori - NightTheater](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421059#mania/5266881)). From here, we can see that from a physicality standpoint, Poland had a slight upper hand. Malaysia, fully cognizant of that fact, played their cards closer to their chest by focusing on long note oriented picks thanks to their far more established LN skills. And this is what ultimately forced Poland to ban [NightTheater](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421059#mania/5266881).
```

In the end, the match was decided on the tiebreaker, [Yooh - Eternity](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421270#mania/5267331). While both teams proved to be forces to be reckoned with, Malaysia's better all-round performance gave them the edge on a map as multi-faceted as this one, ultimately taking the match.

### ::{ flag=PH }:: Philippines vs. ::{ flag=FR }:: France

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119065801)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2548479528?t=0h9m21s)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2548479528&t=0h9m21s&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

> Glancing at the Qualifier results, the Philippines seemed to have the advantage in this match, seeded at #14 vs. France's #19. Pick'ems agreed, with 96% people predicting them as victors — but reality is not often what it seems. With seasoned tournament players on the two rosters, no one was going to make this an easy match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Glancing at the Qualifier results, the Philippines seemed to have the advantage in this match, seeded at #14 vs. France's #19. Pick'ems agreed, with 96% of people predicting them as victors — but reality is not often what it seems. With seasoned tournament players on the two rosters, no one was going to make this an easy match.
```

Both teams protected rice maps, and rice is where the match started, with the highly technical [Dz'Xa - Cosmic Crisis (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421249#mania/5267295) (RC6) resulting in a 6-way FC and a narrow 3k victory for the Philippines (wow!). A similar situation developed in the second pick, the jumpstream consistency [seatrus - Heavens Station](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421022#mania/5266791) (RC2). But then, disaster struck: ::{ flag=PH }:: [lyvet](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18121419)'s unfortunate disconnect resulted in 5 FCs and France's first win.

Amazingly, not a single miss was dropped in the 3rd map (LN1) either, and it was only in the match's 4th pick, [sana & Nayugorou - Love Potion](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421240#mania/5267282) (RC1) which France protected, where a couple of misses on the Filipino side gave the point to their opponents. The consistency of these players is truly something to behold!

> The match now stood at 2–2. The next pick was [*wakadori - NightTheater](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421059#mania/5266881) (LN3), where lower accuracy with 3 full combos proved to be the key for the first break point of the match, giving France a lead. Fun Fact: [NightTheater](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421059#mania/5266881) was played in 4 matches, with France and the Philippines holding the #1 and #2 spots in the team score leaderboard! But the lead would not last: the Philippines' rice ratio trio of ::{ flag=PH }:: [Velyria](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9423922), ::{ flag=PH }:: [Vulpsi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12584420), and ::{ flag=PH }:: [lyvet](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18121419) locked gears, with an incredible back-to-back performance on the FFR Tech pick [Terminal 11 - Cold Storage (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421224#mania/5267239) (RC4) and the chordjack pick [KikuoHana - Nobore! Susume! Takai Tou (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421243#mania/5267288) (RC3), putting them at match point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The match now stood at 2–2. The next pick was [*wakadori - NightTheater](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421059#mania/5266881) (LN3), where lower accuracy with 3 full combos proved to be the key for the first break point of the match, giving France a lead. Fun fact: [NightTheater](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421059#mania/5266881) was played in 4 matches, with France and the Philippines holding the #1 and #2 spots in the team score leaderboard! But the lead would not last: the Philippines' rice ratio trio of ::{ flag=PH }:: [Velyria](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9423922), ::{ flag=PH }:: [Vulpsi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12584420), and ::{ flag=PH }:: [lyvet](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18121419) locked gears, with an incredible back-to-back performance on the FFR Tech pick [Terminal 11 - Cold Storage (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421224#mania/5267239) (RC4) and the chordjack pick [KikuoHana - Nobore! Susume! Takai Tou (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421243#mania/5267288) (RC3), putting them at match point.
```

France, now nearing the edge, picked the technical hybrid [Taishi - Distant Relatives](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421252#mania/5267303) (HB3), a Taishi epic that, even with ::{ flag=FR }:: [DarkMew2](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13921965)'s MVP performance, was not enough to overcome the Philippines' minuscule great count, ending the match with a 3.7k point difference.

Fun fact: every single pick in this match was decided by less than 8,000 points! A testament to consistency and these players' performance. The Philippines will continue in the winners' bracket facing South Korea, and France will fight Finland in the lower bracket to stay in the tournament. Good luck to both teams!

### ::{ flag=BR }:: Brazil vs. ::{ flag=PE }:: Peru

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119058383)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2547829616?t=0h44m15s)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ld7rUnL9uf8?start=170&end=418" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> As if it were to be more than just a coincidence, Brazil and Peru faced off on the very first round of the tournament! The two South American teams, placing #13 and #20 during Qualifiers respectively, were not only close in location but also in skill. With both teams favouring rice maps over everything else, this match quickly became quite the tricky one, and it all started with their picks and bans.

Reviewer: first sentence is a mouthful imo, would suggest simplifying
```suggestion
As if it were destined to be, Brazil and Peru faced off on the very first round of the tournament! The two South American teams, placing #13 and #20 during Qualifiers respectively, were not only close in location but also in skill. With both teams favouring rice maps over everything else, this match quickly became quite the tricky one, and it all started with their picks and bans.
```

Later down the road, after some back and forth rice picks and a delectable 2,991,819 team score in [seatrus - Heavens Station](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421022#mania/5266791) (RC2) by the hands of Brazil, Peru tried to employ the very same strategy of their rivals and picked [orangentle - OEFHEBEN](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421040#mania/5266852) (HB1). Much to their dismay, Brazil locked in. Winning their rival's first non-rice pick and denying their rival's match point, Brazil proceeded to bet on HB2 being out of everyone's zone of comfort. Despite a hard-fought full combo by ::{ flag=BR }:: [zKuri](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25445118) and a score of 995,971, Peru ended up narrowly getting the lead by a meager 1,917 points, ending the match with a 3–5 score.

Congratulations to Peru for winning this close of a match while being the lower seed! Things are not going to get any easier from now on as they'll face Hong Kong during the Round of 16, while Brazil will be against Guatemala in the losers' bracket.

---

> With a first round as hectic as this, who knows what the next round will bring next! Until then, we encourage catching up on this tournament's advancements live on [osulive](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) or [osulive_2](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive_2) during the course of the weekend. And for those who wish to dig just a bit deeper, the [wiki](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_4k) will be the place for all numbers, timestamps and spreadsheets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a first round as hectic as this, who knows what the next round will bring! Until then, we encourage catching up on this tournament's advancements live on [osulive](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) or [osulive_2](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive_2) during the course of the weekend. And for those who wish to dig just a bit deeper, the [wiki](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_4k) will be the place for all numbers, timestamps, and spreadsheets.
```

Later down the road, after some back and forth rice picks and a delectable 2,991,819 team score in [seatrus - Heavens Station](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421022#mania/5266791) (RC2) by the hands of Brazil, Peru tried to employ their rivals very same strategy and picked [orangentle - OEFHEBEN](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2421040#mania/5266852) (HB1). Much to their dismay, Brazil locked in. Winning their rival's first non-rice pick and denying their rival's match point, Brazil proceeded to bet on HB2 which was out of everyone's zone of comfort. Despite a hard fought full combo by ::{ flag=BR }:: [zKuri](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25445118) and a score of 995,971, Peru ended up narrowly getting the lead by a meager 1,917 points, ending the match with a 3–5 score.

> Congratulations to Peru for winning this close of a match while being the lower seed! Things are not going to get any easier from now on as they'll face Hong Kong during Round of 16, while Brazil will be against Guatemala in the losers' bracket.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Congratulations to Peru for winning this close of a match while being the lower seed! Things are not going to get any easier from now on as they'll face Hong Kong during the Round of 16, while Brazil will be against Guatemala in the losers' bracket.
```

---

> With a first round as hectic as this, who knows what the next round will bring next! Until then, we encourage catching up on this tournament's advancements live on [osulive](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) or [osulive_2](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive_2) during the course of the weekend. And for those who wish to dig just a bit deeper, the [wiki](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_4k) will be 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With a first round as hectic as this, who knows what the next round will bring next! Until then, we encourage catching up on this tournament's advancements live on [osulive](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) or [osulive_2](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive_2) during the course of the weekend. And for those who wish to dig just a bit deeper, the [wiki](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_4k) will be the place for all numbers, timestamps and spreadsheets.
```

> 
> It would be an understatement to say this first round has been quite a hectic one. Leaves a lot to desire from future rounds! So make sure to catch up live on [osulive](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) or [osulive_2](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive_2), and give the [wiki](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_4k) an eye (or two) for some extra deets.

Reviewer 2: mmyep

```suggestion
```
